Move some pages to development section (#71)
dexidp/website: content/docs/development/_index.md

---

> title: "Development"

Reviewer: At some point we may want to put a list of the development pages on this page. We could probably write a partial to build the list for us automatically.

Author: Sounds good to me.

description: ""
date: 2020-12-09
draft: false
toc: false
weight: 3000
---

> This section explains how you can develop Dex and documents what steps needs to be done at each phase of development (setting up the development environment, running tests, submitting changes, releasing software, etc).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section explains how you can develop for the Dex project and documents what steps need to be done at each phase of development (setting up the development environment, running tests, submitting changes, releasing software, etc).
```
